README.md, before:

# go-lessons

    This is a repo dedicated to learning everything Golang has to offer!

## Section topics

    01. Variables, Values, & Type

    06. Fundamentals: Bool type, How Computers work, Numeric types, String Type, Numeral Systems, Constants, Iota, and Bit shifting

    08. Control Flow: Loops, Conditional Statements

    10. Grouping Data: Array, Slice, Map

    12. Structs

    14. Functions

    16. Pointers

    18. Application

    20. Concurrency

    22. Channels

    24. Error Handling

    26. Writing Documentation

    28. Testing & Benchmarking

## Documentation 

    1. language spec - https://golang.org/ref/spec
        - language
        - standard library

    2. effective go - https://golang.org/doc/effective_go.html
        - standard library
        - third-party packages
        
## Creators of Golang
    
    1. Robert Griesemer

    2. Rob Pike

    3. Ken Thompson

## Resources from Udemy course. Credit: Todd McLeod

    Video Lectures
    https://www.udemy.com/course/learn-how-to-code/learn/lecture/11922068?start=15#overview

    Go by example
    https://gobyexample.com/
    
    GoPlayGround
    https://play.golang.org/p/v3rrZLwEUC

    Caleb Doxsey website and his book
    http://www.doxsey.net/ 
    http://amzn.to/1OnFtPY 

    go by example
    https://gobyexample.com/ 

    Bill Kennedy’s book
    http://amzn.to/1kGGsPv 

    Donovan and Kernighan’s book
    http://amzn.to/1RIM5HP 

    Go Web Programming
    http://amzn.to/2dVlW07 

    Todd McLeod YouTube
    https://www.youtube.com/user/toddmcleod 

    Todd McLeod Twitter 
    https://twitter.com/Todd_McLeod

Commit message:

Added credit too Todd McLeod

README.md, after:

# go-lessons

    This is a repo dedicated to learning everything Golang has to offer! Also, I need to give credit to Todd McLeod for teaching all of these sections if you haven't done any of his lectures highly recommend him!

## Section topics

    01. Variables, Values, & Type

    06. Fundamentals: Bool type, How Computers work, Numeric types, String Type, Numeral Systems, Constants, Iota, and Bit shifting

    08. Control Flow: Loops, Conditional Statements

    10. Grouping Data: Array, Slice, Map

    12. Structs

    14. Functions

    16. Pointers

    18. Application

    20. Concurrency

    22. Channels

    24. Error Handling

    26. Writing Documentation

    28. Testing & Benchmarking

## Documentation 

    1. language spec - https://golang.org/ref/spec
        - language
        - standard library

    2. effective go - https://golang.org/doc/effective_go.html
        - standard library
        - third-party packages
        
## Creators of Golang
    
    1. Robert Griesemer

    2. Rob Pike

    3. Ken Thompson

## Resources from Udemy course. Credit: Todd McLeod

    Video Lectures
    https://www.udemy.com/course/learn-how-to-code/learn/lecture/11922068?start=15#overview

    Go by example
    https://gobyexample.com/
    
    GoPlayGround
    https://play.golang.org/p/v3rrZLwEUC

    Caleb Doxsey website and his book
    http://www.doxsey.net/ 
    http://amzn.to/1OnFtPY 

    go by example
    https://gobyexample.com/ 

    Bill Kennedy’s book
    http://amzn.to/1kGGsPv 

    Donovan and Kernighan’s book
    http://amzn.to/1RIM5HP 

    Go Web Programming
    http://amzn.to/2dVlW07 

    Todd McLeod YouTube
    https://www.youtube.com/user/toddmcleod 

    Todd McLeod Twitter 
    https://twitter.com/Todd_McLeod
